do you want to learn the secrets that
big brands use to create massive
ecommerce stores hey everyone i'm neil
patel and today i'm going to break down
seven e-commerce marketing secrets you
can learn from big brands
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel if you're on
youtube click the alert notification so
let's dive right in
number one nail your product page for
meta descriptions to title text even the
title in the description on your
homepage of your product page or your
listing pages and you want the optimal
format natural compelling click-worthy
pages that are easy to navigate i
recommend that you add multiple high
quality product shots
and ideally if you can do 3d views even
better could it articulate your product
descriptions and
you know
what is it that you're selling how is it
made highlight the stories the history
behind the product turn the features
into benefits and use both logical copy
and emotional and out of curiosity how
much you how many of you are using logic
and emotions in your copywriting let me
know if you're using more logic or
emotions because what we found is when
you do logic alone you'll get sales when
you use emotion alone you'll get sales
but when you combine logic and emotions
you get way more sales you also want to
understand the product so well
and work hard on leaving nothing out
because if you can help people
understand everything so well yes not
everyone's going to read everything but
for the people who do have questions
that are going to skip they won't
anymore
number two use persuasive copy and words
it's all about copywriting if you can
convince people to convert you're going
to be better off it's all about
conversion optimization there's a lot of
cool companies that do conversion
optimization out there
one i love is a company called spiralize
based in atlanta i believe there are
atlanta georgia somewhere around there
but they do performance-based conversion
optimization where if they improve your
conversions with copywriting they charge
you if they don't you don't pay a dollar
number three optimize your call to
actions you know it's so funny i see
people testing their ad to car buttons
and you should but a lot of times they
do and use these really rare terms and i
know it's really hurting their
conversions because we've run so many ad
to cart tests so yes you should run
tests but you should
not pick ones that are really foolish
that could confuse people because it
could create long-term negative results
with your conversion rates
four
answer all the faqs you can nearly 95 of
customers turn to reviews when shopping
online and swear that reviews are the
most important factor that influence
their purchasing decisions alleviate
customer concerns that your product page
copy doesn't address directly and that's
what the reviews will do earn the trust
by demonstrating product benefits in
real life use cases and save time on
repetitive faqs for customer support
it's great if you don't have faqs you
need to add them heck faqs are so
important i'm starting to even add them
in my blog post and we found that it
keeps people engaged more five increase
sales by using scarcity and urgency
amazon does this in great ways you know
hey there's only five left and they
don't cheat they don't lie they show you
how many are really left or
order this today and you can get it
tomorrow i'm like i'm alright i'll order
this now and it's not just today order
it within the next 40 minutes and you
can get it tomorrow
implying urgency in your headlines
really helps boost conversions and
implying urgency and call to actions
also helps adding stock
urgency you know just by default like
for black friday or during specific
holiday season with countdown clocks
that works super well and make sure
you're using colors that make your
urgency stand out because if people
don't really see it
not going to help with conversions
and make sure that when you're using
urgency you have the relevancy and value
proposition such as hey you get it
tomorrow won't cost you anything more in
your shipping you can also use exit
intents with free shipping offers
discounts coupons gifts digital
downloads that helps too
number six use car abandonment email
marketing sequences be specific and be
true to your brand you want to be
personal in your email like for example
if you were buying a mattress for me and
you didn't buy but you went in your car
and you almost bought i would email you
two days and i'm like so have you been
getting a terrible night's sleep you
wouldn't if you bought my mattress here
are like 101 reviews on why people love
this compared to traditional mattresses
what are you waiting for click here to
buy it in the next 30 minutes you know
we'll give you a discount
and by offering an incentive as well
you'll find that you'll get less
abandonment to your email sequence and
include customer reviews and
testimonials like i just mentioned that
really does help this conversion
seven multi-variant testing there's many
elements you should test right so on
your product detail pages i want you to
run tons and tons of av tests
and the more tests that you run the
better off you are and think about you
know images product descriptions from
what people prefer what products they
don't like um to the reviews the
placement of it also keywords keywords
and headlines keywords lower
you also want to test the keywords that
you're even bidding on and the keywords
in your copy you want to track sign ups
clicks or any other conversion goals you
want to optimize your supply chain your
margins and run tests there too it's not
just on your own website all these
things help your business become more
efficient as well now if you need help
with your marketing check out my ad
agency np digital if you enjoyed this
video like it share it tell people about
it thank you for watching